Emily is a US-based independent dance artist living in Austin, TX. She holds a BA in Theatre and Dance from the University of Texas at Austin. Since 2008, she has been actively involved in Austin’s dance community where she has created original choreography as well as performed with companies such as Blue Lapis Light, Ellen Bartel Dance Collective, Ready/Set/Go Productions, Woven Feet, and Ballet East.  

As part of her training, Emily has studied under several performance makers and mentors including Ellen Bartel, Kathy Dunn Hamrick, Deborah Hay, ARCOS Dance Company, Yacov Sharir, Charles O. Anderson, Natasha Davidson, Jennifer Monson, Darla Johnson, Allison Orr, Gina Patterson and Jose Bustamante.

In addition to being a committed performer, Emily has produced original choreography seen at Strictly Seattle, the Washington Carver Museum, Rollins Theater, and Art Outside Festival. Inspired by convention-defying performances from Blue Lapis Light, Ready/Set/Go Productions, and Forklift Danceworks, Emily is keenly passionate for site-specific work. She created original choreography in collaboration with Amy Myers for _In Habitants_ – a performance with local artists taking place on an undeveloped island on Lady Bird Lake which was nominated for best ensemble by the Austin Critics Table.  She has also participated in site-specific performances on downtown highrises with Blue Lapis Light, and in Big Stacy Park with Nicole Roerick Dance Collective.

Emily’s experience spans a broad range of projects and disciplines such as film, technical theater, aerial dance, children’s theatre performances, parades, flash mobs, and television commercials. In the spirit of collaboration with local artists, Emily has partnered and performed with musicians such as MCG, Megafauna, and Creature Rock.
